How exactly is the data coming off the Raspberry Pi over tail scale into the tack server if we're not running WebTack or CloudTack? How is like for example we're seeing little dots on the Raspberry Pi on Stadia maps? I know they're not exactly the exact location of the assets because we're using Kismet. However, they're in the area within one to 300 meters. So when we try to integrate this message overflow into a tack server, we're using the COT cursor on target messaging protocol. But how are we authenticating? Are we still authenticating with the p.12 file? Are we just sending pure COT messages to the tack server and it knows how to parse it? Like I'm very confused. Like I understand we also have Weigold attack installed on the Raspberry Pi. It hasn't been set up properly because we're not connected yet to a tack server, but I'm trying to understand how this is done. Also, I'd like for you to verify your own assumptions by doing web searches and gathering data because I'm sure I'm not the first person to try to use a Raspberry Pi as a node in cyber EW SIGINT operations.

Can you do some web research to confirm your analysis here? Has anyone tried to do what we're doing, where we're trying to push data to a tech server, where we're not running a tech client on a Raspberry Pi, but we're a node collecting information like Kismet data or other information that we will then push to a tech server. Does that make sense? Like, for example, we're not going to run a web tech or cloud tech client. Will we still need the p.12 authentication and keys from the tech server? Or how is this getting moved? I mean, I know that I'll have a tail scale connection to the tech server, but I'm just trying to understand how the data is coming over, caught from our Raspberry Pi into the tech server and everyone can see it on the COP.
